And it shows I got a ton done, like an unbelievable amount done.
This is the closed PRs in Lakebed where, reminder, I'm still the only contributor.
I have not forced this project onto my team yet.
They don't deserve the slop.
It's cleaning up fast.
Thank you, Fable.
But all of these PRs were done in literally two to three days.
The sheer volume of work here, especially if you're looking at the ones that actually
merged, like this pile here, it's like, I think, 11 or 12 PRs that merged all
Well, not just in one day, but from one thread.
And I keep going and I'm on page two, we're still in things from two days ago, then there's
a four day ago, one five days ago, then a huge jump to two weeks, because I was just
not really feeling it.
When I lost access to this model, I tried to run around in circles and get the best stuff
I could out of Opus, but it wasn't at the bar I needed to ship.
It what ended up happening is in this particular project, Lakebed, I had a bunch of these PR
up of work that was like 50 to 80 percent complete, but I didn't like the SDK changes
it made.
I didn't really have confidence in the implementation, including it up would just take too long.
And the result was that I kept having ideas, I kept making PRs, and they kept sitting there
doing nothing.
I probably had 20 or 30 PRs just sitting in this repo, not moving, and the project has
been sitting there as a result.
And I don't like that.
I really want to ship Lakebed.
I've talked about what Lakebed is in some other videos.
I don't want to bog you down the details until I actually have it launched.
I haven't earned the right to market this yet.
I want it done.
So we'll do that later.
But I want to talk about the workflows that got me this far in the project,
as well as some of the cool things I'm doing on other projects that I've been working on.
I'm going to start in a weird place here, but I promise it will help.
I'm going to start with min-maxing tips and like cost reduction things in order
to make sure that when you adopt this workflow, you don't immediately bankrupt
yourself, because if you were to go to the second half of this video and skip
straight to that part, it will be expensive. That's what I did in the first three days.
